From "The Sorrows of Young Werther":

"She is to me a sacred being. All passion is still in her presence: I cannot express my sensations when I am near her. I feel as if my soul beat in every nerve of my body. There is a melody which she plays on the piano with angelic skill,—so simple is it, and yet so spiritual! It is her favourite air; and, when she plays the first note, all pain, care, and sorrow disappear from me in a moment."

---

"How will I know when I'm ready? How do I know I won't just mess it up again?"

"You won't. That's all it is, Miles—it's a leap of faith. You don't get a guarantee, you just have to trust yourself and jump."

From Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse

 

---

The Midnight Library by Matt Haig

“It doesn't matter which branch of a life we get to live. We are always the same rotten tree.”

“Life is waiting for you.”

I chose these lines because they capture the book’s reflection on regret, identity, and the possibility of change. They remind me that although we may feel limited by our past, life can still offer opportunities to move forward. ;)

---

Mankind's on the verge of being wiped out, but it keeps going a little bit longer because someone hears someone else hum a melody in a cave and the physics of it in their ear make them feel something other than fear or hunger or hate, and mankind carries on and civilization gets back on track.

 

A Ghost Story (dir. David Lowery, 2017)

---

“At the end of the day, it’s not like I expected hirose and I to end up together.

And it’s not like our friendship is over … 

My Hirose is happy.. so why aren’t I?” 

 

From Go for it, Nakamura-kun! (TV Show)

---

Pacific Rim (2013)

Raleigh Becket: There are things you can't fight, acts of God. You see a hurricane coming… you have to get out of the way. But when you're in a Jaeger, suddenly… you can fight the hurricane. You can win.

---

"Witches can be right, giants can be good / 
You decide what's right, you decide what's good /

Just remember, just remember / 
Someone is on your side (our side) / 
Someone else is not"

(from "No One Is Alone" from the musical Into the Woods by Sondheim and Lapine)

---

Dumbledore: "Don't tell me now that you've grown to care for the boy."

Snape: "Expecto patronum!" [Snape casts a doe patronus]

Dumbledore: "Lily... after all this time?"

Snape: "Always."

(Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2; not my favorite movie but one of my favorite excerpts from any movie)

---

“The flow of time is always cruel... Its speed seems different for each person, but no one can change it... A thing that does not change with time is a memory of younger days...”

-The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time

---

From The Odyssey (2026), directed by Christopher Nolan:

Odysseus: "Come back as a prince, call a banquet. I'll be there."
Telemachus: "What will you do at the banquet?"
Odysseus: "Beg. The clearest view of men is from below."

(Nolan, 2026, 1:24:07)

Reference

Nolan, C. (Director). (2026). The Odyssey [Film]. Universal Pictures; Syncopy.

---

— Avery, you can't stay here. You have so much life to live!"

— And I owe it to you!

— NO YOU DO NOT, THAT IS AN INSANE THING TO SAY. YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ME!

— YOU WARNED ME, DEREK. YOU'RE ONLY PART OF THIS BECAUSE IT WANTED ME. IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT YOU'RE HERE! I'M NOT LETTING YOU DIE FOR ME!

— Avery! If you don't go, we will BOTH die.

Destroying A World That Doesn't Exist (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnTycJg1MIo), 1:54:54 to 1:55:16

 

---

It is important to draw wisdom from many different places. If we take it from only one place, it becomes rigid and stale. Understanding others—the other elements and the other nations—will help you become whole.

—Uncle Iroh, Avatar: The Last Air Bender

---

"Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it's here. Or should I say, I am."
- Thanos, Avengers: Infinity War (2018)

---

[Talking to a wolf]

"Canis Lupus.

Vulpes Vulpes. 

I don't think he speaks English or Latin.

Pensez-vous que l'hiver sera rude?

I'm asking if we're in for a hard winter."

- Fantastic Mr. Fox, 2009

---

No, no, no, no, no, no, no! Don't do that! I thought we were having a nice date! Why does it matter?! I thought we were having a nice date. 😣 

Obsession, 2026

---

[0*SpjXuNWd-ECGPhrh.jpg] (/users/52415/files/13063990/preview?verifier=mZuF0YijvAegtY8w6iaxcPxr6srD3F1LfGuQkwzu)

from Bojack Horseman, S06E16

---

Archer: Hey, that's hell you're walking into.

 

Shirou: This is what you forgot. I admit at first it was just admiration. But at the heart of it all was a wish. The wish for this hell to be undone.

 

- Fate/stay night UBW

---

Jess: "What are you doing? Living at your grandparents' place, being in the DAR, no Yale… Why did you drop out of Yale?!"

Rory: "It's complicated."

From Gilmore Girls, Season 6 Ep 8

---

“You may yet ruin this city and all in it,” Arthur bit out. “Worse yet, what manner of dark bargain did you strike to get power over the spiders?”

The green-eyed man cocked his head to the side, looking amused.

“Arthur Foundling,” he drawled, “are you asking me to tell you my evil plan?”

The Squire paused, slightly embarrassed at being caught out instantly. Still, he must persevere.

“Do you not want to tell anyone of your cunning?” Arthur tried. “Surely a great deal of work went into this.”

- A Practical Guide to Evil

---

What you most want is what you most can't have. And what you most can't have, is what you already had, but lost.

- Odysseus, The Odyssey (Dir. Christopher Nolan 2026)